personal campaign a channel in
youtube also android is very useful
A lot of people have been asking about it.
It does not work either so I solved it.
make a promotion video for you
[Music]
troy disappointment
here is showing the speed of
walking
[Music]
and ahead it is shown to give
which have shown a radar in the case of
need to have what a connection to the
Internet
a cell phone with a gps attached in my
case here is a model motorola cell phone
titanium nextel titanium is the motorola with
android and full residence
it is installed here in front of
People are going to get a radar there. I'm going.
show you how it works
despite the traffic here on the sea bridge
small here in são vicente
ae
As you said a little bit
speed and an application
he he shows
[Music]
it shows that the small screen it will
show the camera ahead here
you had one of the societies
it is marking that it is 60 per hour to
speed also pass here as many
meters to kill
here's the speed I'm walking
57 per hour to lower the fine for
Touch up will go through the radar now he
started to warn
I notice someone who just passed
in the afternoon he returns misaki to show the
speed such very very useful
nice to share with everyone
accompanies the channel an ancient culture in
internet by the club
this time a motorcycle stand
this means that showing this device
but you can also use the bike for the
folks
I want to be useful this information that I
I'm passing on to you, it 's good.
A hug and play with God.